
TODOs:
Revise Hint to work with the new parameter calling in Helium
Find a solution for the following:
 - having multiple Heliums at the same time and switch easily between them
 - allow four levels of setting:
    1. factory settings
    2. lecturer settings
    3. student settings
    4. incidental overrides
   The best way currently seems to be to have resource files located in the installation tree
   as well as in the home directory of students (if they want to). Setting from a higher number
   take precedence. The most problematic issue here is to locate the resource file.
   The resource file can contain the links to the simple and overloaded factory provided libs,
   so knowing the standard location of the resource file is enough.
   A solution would be to have the installer patch the compiler with the chosen location or
   to fix the location in a binary installer. 
   In case of installation from source, we can simply build the location of the resource file
   into the compiler.
   The flags in a resource file should be the same as they are in a call to Helium.
   Note that lvmrun also needs the location of the .lvm modules, but as far as I can tell 
   that is all it needs from the Helium flags.
   The verbose option should say which resource files have been tried.
   Finally, Hint should use the same resource files and behave in a way consistent with Helium.
   Hint should also allow the programmer to change the contents of the resource file.


KNOWN BUGS:
File IO is quite shaky, especially flushing behaviour and memory management.
For example, one of the test in the test siute fails: if you write a file over a certain, low,
number of bytes it will only succeed if you plenty of heap. But then files under that size
will fail to write due some mistake in the 
The bottom line is: if you use file IO to write files, then test it well.
We hope to discover at some point what is going on here, but currently lack the time and code generation
expertise to do that. If you want to investigate this problem, contact us.




